Distributed tracing 2.9 (#62410)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/distr-tracing-tempo-update-olm.adoc

//Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//* distr_tracing_install/dist-tracing-tempo-updating.adoc

> :_content-type: PROCEDURE
> [id="distr-tracing-tempo-update-olm_{context}"]
> = Updating the {TempoShortName} by using the OLM

Reviewer: This isn't really a procedure, how about something like this?
```suggestion
:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="distr-tracing-tempo-update-olm_{context}"]
= Automatic updates of the {TempoShortName} by using the OLM
```

Or maybe without "by using the OLM"
```suggestion
:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="distr-tracing-tempo-update-olm_{context}"]
= Automatic updates of the {TempoShortName}
```

Author: Thank you so much. Applying your second suggestion manually.

> For version upgrades, the {TempoOperator} uses the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), which controls installation, upgrade, and role-based access control (RBAC) of Operators in a cluster. The OLM runs in {product-title} by default. The OLM queries for available Operators as well as upgrades for installed Operators. When the {TempoOperator} is upgraded to the new version, it scans for running TempoStack instances that it manages and upgrades them to the version corresponding to the Operator's new version.

Reviewer: Consider breaking this paragraph up into sections (intro, OLM info, Tempo-specific info).

```suggestion
For version upgrades, the {TempoOperator} uses the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), which controls installation, upgrade, and role-based access control (RBAC) of Operators in a cluster.

The OLM runs in {product-title} by default. The OLM queries for available Operators as well as upgrades for installed Operators. 

When the {TempoOperator} is upgraded to the new version, it scans for running TempoStack instances that it manages and upgrades them to the version corresponding to the Operator's new version.
```

Author: Thank you so much. Applying this manually.
